[Known Issue] Add docs to describe a known issue/limitation of EQL rule cross-cluster search (#4804)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-create.asciidoc

. Go to *Rules* -> *Detection rules (SIEM)* -> *Create new rule*. The *Create new rule* page displays.
. To create an event correlation rule using EQL, select *Event Correlation*, then:
.. Define which {es} indices or data view the rule searches when querying for events.
+

> NOTE: Event correlation rules have a limitation that prevents them from querying multiple indices from different clusters (local and remote). To workaround this known issue, a user with the {ref}/built-in-roles.html[`superuser`] role must modify the EQL rules that are configured to use <<rules-cross-cluster-search,cross-cluster search>>. Doing this updates the rule's API key to use `superuser` privileges and allows the rule to use cross-cluster search.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Event correlation rules have a limitation that prevents them from querying multiple indices from different clusters (local and remote). To enable this, a user with the {ref}/built-in-roles.html[`superuser`] role must modify the EQL rules that are configured to use <<rules-cross-cluster-search,cross-cluster search>>. This updates the rule's API key to use `superuser` privileges and allows the rule to use cross-cluster search.
```
